Create Foreword section and move content from Welcome page (#2080)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/foreword/navigate.md

(fw-navigate)=
# Navigating the Book

_The Turing Way_ handbook is organised in five guides and a Community Handbook.

* {ref}`rr`
* {ref}`pd`
* {ref}`cm`
* {ref}`cl`
* {ref}`er`
* {ref}`ch`

```{figure} ../figures/theturingway-chapters.jpg
---
name: theturingway-chapters

> alt: The Turing Way Guide to reproducible research and it's stucture illustrated to show a set of doors to represent how it's built on chapters and sub chapters of the different areas of the guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: The Turing Way Guide to reproducible research and its structure illustrated to show a set of doors to represent how it's built on chapters and sub chapters of the different areas of the guide
```

---
_The Turing Way_ project illustration by Scriberia. Original version on Zenodo. http://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3695300.
```

> Each guides contain multiple chapters, and each chapters are divided into smaller, self-contained subchapters to allow you to naviagte the book and its content easily in your own pace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each guides contain multiple chapters, and each chapters are divided into smaller, self-contained sub-chapters to allow you to navigate the book and its content easily in your own pace. Browse the different guides that make up the book, or use the search box to search for whatever you would like to learn about first. 

**Remember: _The Turing Way_ is not meant to be read from beginning to end!**
```
